feat: support standalone APM Server with Tilt (#10516)
elastic/apm-server: dev_docs/TESTING.md

We provide Kustomize manifests in [`testing/infra/k8s`](../testing/infra/k8s) for setting up
the Elastic Stack using [ECK](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/current/index.html),
including standalone APM Server.

> Tilt will watch for source code changes and build and inject a customized elastic-agent Docker image; it will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tilt will watch for source code changes and build and inject a customized apm-server Docker image; it will
```
